Database drivers package for Qt4 on Mac OS X

This is a package of database drivers compiled Qt source code.


REQUIREMENTS

 - 32- or 64-bit Mac OS X 10.5 - 10.6
 - Qt libraries 4.7.x for Mac
 - TreeFrog Framework version 0.81 or later
 - Database client libraries from RDB vendors

     Please install beforehand.


INSTALLING

1. Mount the downloaded disk image (dmg) file.

2. Double click 'install.command' file to install database drivers to
   the plugins directory.
   ----
     $ /Volumes/sqldrivers-macosx-1.0/install.command ; exit;
       installed libqsqlmysql.dylib
       installed libqsqlmysql_debug.dylib
       installed libqsqloci.dylib
       installed libqsqloci_debug.dylib
       installed libqsqlpsql.dylib
       installed libqsqlpsql_debug.dylib
     logout
   ----

3. Check if Qt can load the drivers on Terminal.
 
  $ tspawn --show-drivers

  Available database drivers for Qt:
    QSQLITE
    QMYSQL3
    QMYSQL
    QOCI8
    QOCI
    QODBC3
    QODBC
    QPSQL7
    QPSQL

     .. it's good!
        If a database client doesn't display, it means Qt cannot resolve
        the symbols. Please check settings of the search path to the
        database client's dynamic library.


LICENSE

Qt is available under GPL v3, LGPL v2 and a commercial license.

Please note that the DB2, Oracle and TDS client drivers are not distributed
with the Qt Open Source Editions.
This is because the client libraries are distributed under a license which
is not compatible with the GPL license.


HOW TO REPORT A BUG

If you think you have found a bug in Qt, we would like to hear about
it so that we can fix it.  The Qt bug tracking system is open to the
public at http://bugreports.qt.nokia.com/.

Before reporting a bug, please use the bug-tracker's search functions
and consult http://qt.nokia.com/developer/faqs/ to see if the issue is
already known.

Always include the following information in your bug report: the name
and version number of your compiler; the name and version number of
your operating system; the version of Qt you are using, and what
configure options it was compiled with.

If the problem you are reporting is only visible at run-time, try to
create a small test program that shows the problem when run. Often,
such a program can be created with some minor changes to one of the many
example programs in Qt's examples directory, or to the autotests that
are available in the public source repository on http://qt.gitorious.org/.


SOURCE CODE

The source code is available as a zip or a tar.gz at
http://qt.nokia.com/downloads/.


Qt is a trademark of Nokia Corporation and/or its subsidiary(-ies).
